Indicate when session is about to expire with a dialog (#6026)
indico/indico: CHANGES.rst

- Allow editors to edit their review comments on editables (:pr:`6008`)
- Auto-linking of patterns in minutes (e.g. issue trackers, Github repos...) (:pr:`5998`)
- Log editor actions in the Editing module (:pr:`6015`)

> - Warn users with a dialog before their session expires and let them extend their sesssion
>   (thanks :user:`SegiNyn`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Warn users with a dialog before their session expires and let them extend it
  (:pr:`6026`, thanks :user:`SegiNyn`)
```
